 Chapter I The Beginning
Seth just mercilessly shot his 87th flesh zombie right in the face using his phaser rifle and being a hunter it was his job to do so, and its guts spilled onto the ground ending its life of menacing flesh harvesters. Flesh zombies are like zombies but they are made of mutant flesh given a will to live and kill EVERYONE thankfully you can’t get infected from attacks unlike the more well known common zombie . Flesh harvesters are people whose jobs are collecting large amounts of meat to feed the world. He thought about the horrible place where humanity was settled if you could call it settled at all. 300 years ago the earth's ecosystem failed because of the carelessness of mankind and the death of the sun, and so humanity had to find somewhere else to live since going outside safely required oxygen tanks and other life support equipment. But no matter how hard they tried there was nowhere to put down roots and reestablish all human civilization. He remembered that the idiotic company E-corp that wanted to make human civilization internet based, but since you can’t grow corn on the internet the idea failed utterly, completely, and entirely additionally the company failed because all their customers left the company and the profits went south from there. 
Until, the flesh planet was found. Which he thought  was a big mistake. We should have gone far away to some other inhabited planet, but the life form scanners picked up an enormous amount of life since the planet was literally life a massive life form and so we landed and little did we know it would cause many deaths. When humanity landed the planet launched gargantuan globs of oozing flesh into orbit surrounding him even now, and equipped with massive and deadly tentacles capable of capture an entire country’s ship to consume. The the flesh globs consumed the Russians who were escaping from the planet, and after digesting the ships and people, rained down a blood like viscous liquid, and loomed above all civilization ready to destroy all escapees. Right away noticing the abundant food source all the North Koreans but Seth’s father George consumed the flesh of the planet, but almost hours later they became the first flesh zombies. Now continuing the story with only ten years worth of resources the governments had to act fast, so they spent five years developing a way to use the flesh as a fuel for their ships. Then since they were getting low on food resources they figured out a way to use the poison from the spike foot birds throats to kill the parasites in the meat so it could be eaten safely and without risk of infection. 
Chapter ii The Wastelands
Speaking of the spike foot birds there was a flock only a mile away. As he made his way over to the flock he saw that they were being attacked by flesh zombies, so he gave all three of the flesh zombies lead to the head and fed the birds some of his food since the birds were badly wounded. There was also a dead one from which he withdrew poison using his flask to purify the food of his community. But as he was doing this his eye was caught by the sight of a glowing feminine figure near the biggest glob of flesh he’d ever seen.
The spike foot birds came into being millions of years ago. From small ameba lucky enough not to be swallowed by the planet they slowly and tediously evolved into a creature capable of surviving the planet’s harsh condition. You might ask how they sleep where they lay their eggs? Well to answer your question they sleep on the warm thermal updrafts generated by the planet’s heat disposal shafts which are tubes that connect to one or two of the planets thousands of organs which as you might imagine generate a lot of heat, so the birds have a safe place to sleep at night. you also might wonder how they fly while they sleep, they can do this because birds have the innate ability to fly while sleeping, so the spike foot birds will be fine above the heat shafts. As for the cute little babies. The female birds have a nest  shaped crest and the cloaca is located in the bony little nest the females also have a second cloaca for their feces. the appearance of the spike foot birds is something like a secretary bird but instead of feet its legs sharpen to a point so that it may pull them out of the flesh whenever they please. The lifestyle of spike foot birds would be like waking early each day to a horde of flesh zombies surrounding the heat disposal shaft which a community of spike foot birds use to rest during the dark hours of the night. After the flesh zombies are kick to death the bird grazes upon the flesh of the planet for roughly many hours in fact much longer than the average human is awake and active, and so there is an enormous surplus of energy and nutrient which causes them to reproduce vigorously. To combat the threat of the flesh zombies the males have evolved to have viciously sharp beaks shaped like the war axes of the medieval times , so when a flesh zombie or more rather a group of flesh zombies needs to be eradicated for the safety of the bird community the males will chop off the arms of the flesh zombies to prevent them from attacking and then proceed to eat their enemies. It may also seem strange to have a nest on the head of the female spike foot birds but because of their lack of resources, ingenuity, and frankly intelligence being animals it was the best choice to lay their eggs on their heads. However the spike foot bird is not lacking in intelligence since they are able communicate in complex ways and devise master battle plans, and using these skills to impale the flesh zombies to death kicking just as a secretary would kick a snake. Since the flesh of the flesh planet is filled with corruptive and dangerous parasites the spike foot birds had to evolve to be able to consume the meat without having to risk getting infected, so they gained the traits of an immensely acidic stomach acid capable of disintegrating thousands of pounds of stone in seconds and a poison coated throat so all the parasites die upon contact, and even if the parasites made it to the stomach they would be obliterated upon contact with the stomach acid. 
Flesh zombies are made of the flesh of the unlucky souls who were foolish enough to consume the flesh of the planet and transform into the first flesh zombies. When a flesh is physically damaged enough it will effectively die, but its body will knit back together after a matter of hours. If parts of its cannot be healed such as an arm chopped off by a spike foot bird and eaten; the zombie will borrow some flesh from the planet. To defeat a flesh zombie you must either chop it into many pieces or pierce its brain which is quite hard because it is roughly the size of a pea. The appendages of a flesh zombie are very deadly do to containing a neurotoxin in them that can kill the flesh zombies enemies in seconds. The toxin works by going into the body, and finding its way to the brain, and disintegrating the brains cells, and because it is probably impossible to survive without a brain the creature being attacked is also killed. When the first flesh zombies were first created they ravaged across the planet and killed the spike foot birds by the millions the humans and the spike foot birds had to work together to fight the threat of the flesh zombies, and although they did not know it they fought together. There was once a battle where the flesh zombies gathered in massive numbers and devastated the land, but a great and powerful tribe of spike foot birds gathered all the other tribes and united into a massive army which charged against the flesh zombies with little knowledge as referenced about the army of human hunters mowing down grand numbers of flesh zombies with their high tech phaser rifles and pulse grenades. At the end of the battle the two armies met and two things passed between them using the bond that had been formed during the battle, and those two things being for the humans the insight of knowing that the poison in the birds throats was used to cleanse the meat of the planet and so it could be eaten, and for the spike foot birds was a genetic mutation that gave the males axe shaped beaks so that they could fight the flesh zombies much better. The flesh zombies also do not need to sleep, but when there is no prey in sight they will blank out and stop moving and so effectively become statues, and cain a kind of sleep. When the zombies can see a country’s ship and the nearby flesh quarry they move closer, and the zombies who cannot see the ship but can see the flesh zombies approaching the ships and quarries and mistake them for people which draws them in sight of the ships and flesh quarries, and so creating a constant mob of flesh zombies to endanger the safety of mankind. To help imagining the appearance of a flesh zombie you could take a piece of clay mold it into the shape of a person then turn it into flesh without skin its veins exposed and the flesh mutated, gnarled, and bleeding. To receive their nutrients the flesh zombies have a series of small tubes that stab into the ground and the planet gives nutrients through those tubes like a power cord for a killing machine always charged and ready to destroy all life. 
Seth was headed toward the the American ship ready to turn in his list of kills to the administrator in charge of his neighborhood and then go to the museum of technological history to see if there was any way to get off this planet. As he got close he could see the artist wing where all the artists lived and created covered by holograms made by the artists living there, the vast and expansive apartment complexes containing more than ninety percent of Americans, and at the very tippy top were the estates of the administrators who are the people in charge of keeping track of whether or not the flesh harvesters collect meat from the flesh quarry and if the hunters kill enough flesh zombies with their phaser rifles. Seth could also see as he wrapped around the ship to go to the parking lot the school where there are over 100 million students enrolled and taught by AI teachers
Chapter iii Dinnertime
“Seth are you ready for dinner?” Said George Seth’s dad “Yes dad.” He said wistfully “How was your day Seth?” He said  “It was good I guess.”  “What’s wrong Seth are the flesh zombies getting scarcer? I know more work would be very stressful?” He said “ No I’m just feeling frustrated that we live in such a horrid place and everyone seems happy, but I’m not. There are people dying every day.” Seth said “That’s not true we have had no deaths aside from old age for 250 years.” George said in an annoyed tone.
Chapter iv The Escape
It was night which gave Seth the perfect chance to steal his dad’s car and investigate the mysterious glowing figure in the sky. 
Chapter v The Temple
When he got there he noticed that it wasn’t just a flesh blob it was a temple to what he didn’t know, but it kind of looked like the Taj Mahal from old history books he had seen at the library. When he got inside he saw the strangest sight. There was an altar and above was was a gestating creature it was him, me, and myself. Hanging from umbilical cords it was Seth the same features, everything. The only difference was that it had black hair instead of blonde. It was like the weirdest dream seeing yourself but not you. And then it moved. The umbilical cords lowered and it was disconnected from them then it grew hair out of the floor which weaved into clothes for the twin. Next the twin transformed the entire temple into the biggest marionette Seth had ever seen . It was like a massive flesh zombie moved by strings connected to the floating flesh in the  sky. Seth doing what he thought any sane person would do was running away in his dad’s truck.
Chapter vi George At Home

George woke up to go to work and found that his truck was gone. So he went back to his apartment and called Seth, but no answer. Almost as soon as he hung up he heard loud screaming and running right outside his door. When he went out to investigate he found everyone running away from the theatre. And when he got to the theatre… in all his 10,000 years George had never seen a marionette that big. And as he saw it the marionette cut Germany in half with a knife it had sourced from the remains of China. George called Seth a second time and got an answer, and Seth explained what he had seen; it reminded George of how he had found Seth fifteen years ago as a baby half eaten by the planet in the flesh quarry, and this gave him an idea. He took a DNA sample from his dinner and one of Seth’s favorite shirts, but as he was doing so the sound of the his ship taking off made him think the marionette was attacking and in a moment of panic he dropped the syringe with the DNA sample from his dinner and it unfortunately went right into his arm. The pain from the syringe cased him to grab it, but another misfortunes the fact that when he  grabbed it he accidentally injected himself with the DNA. However when he tested the DNA samples it was a 100% match.
Chapter vii The Final Battle
Seth was terrified. He had not asked for this he did not want to deal with a world destroying evil twin and its massive marionette. But when he thought this George called him for the second time and this time he answered. After Seth explained what he had seen it reminded George of how he had found Seth as a baby half eaten by the planet in the flesh quarry. This gave him an idea. He took a DNA sample from his dinner and one of Seth’s favorite shirts. It was a 100% match. He called Seth but there was no answer meanwhile. “Seth… Seth are you there?”  There in front of Seth was the golden figure from the temple. “Seth I’m your mother” she said “long ago I bred with this planet to conceive you and your brother. I am the goddess aamily. You have the power of the gods in you go and use it to defeat the great evil of your father and brother.” she said So Seth turned the truck around and headed toward the twin. As he got closer the twin’s marionette smashed the truck. As he fell he regretted his actions. He wished he hadn’t gone to the temple. He wished he hadn’t done everything that had caused this event, but he had a realization that his mother was a god and his father a planet. He could do anything, and so seconds before he fell to the ground he rose up in the core of a celestial avatar hundreds of feet tall, and ripped the twin out of the heart of the marionette and quashed him as easy as swatting a fly. But when the flesh planet sensed this death he transformed into a giant made of flesh, the size of a planet, and destroyed Seth as if he were nothing. Now out of the nothingness of the universe Aamily came and smote the flesh planet with all the stars energy concentrated into a mote of light. Now the flesh planet was gone, but everything was gone. What Aamily did not know is that the flesh planet had consumed so much energy that when he was obliterated the energy he had saved was like nothing before made the power of that blast was 999,999,999,999,999 times the power of 999,999,999,999,999 nuclear bombs and so from then on there was nothing… 

Chapter viii The End
until there was something that something being a Tree and around that Tree every thing came into existence the breeze, the grass, the ground, animals, humans, civilization, cities, countries, companies, and over much much time many distasteful things like landfills, coal mines, oil drills, pollution, corruption and out of all that there were four things most important. 
A being of light who rebels against any and all evil even if that means that it is the end of all
A being of shadow a mere pawn of a great game controlled though it does not know
Another being of light wise and true to its love for all time able to take a great cataclysm and turn its energy into something beautiful and creative
 Destroyer of all, twisted and mutant scheming in the darkness is
ANOTHER DARK ONE